we have a very heavy book in the book
club to that today's good day New York
book club well let's start it's some
considerate America's royal family that
Kennedy is here where I think we have
robert f kennedy great man getting out
and getting married Wow of course they
had many children including our next
guest robert f kennedy jr. very
prominent environmental lawyer and
author who was recently married to one
of our favorite people in the world
cheryl hines star of Curb Your
Enthusiasm it looked like a great
wedding it was well documented I think
we have a picture of the newly us all
look like a beautiful day well very nice
indeed now let's get to work for a
moment then we're gonna probably revisit
this issue he's got a new book it's
called fine Marysol let the science
speak Rosanna keep going to head out
here big big title let the science speak
the evidence supporting the immediate
removal of mercury unknown neurotoxin
from vaccines now if you're a parent
you're involved in this is the
controversy going on right now Robert
Kennedy Jr nice to have you here on good
day New York so obviously the book is
out now and you know that the critics
are gunning for you this morning right I
mean they are really they've really had
a lot of you know a lot of terrible
things to say about the book and some of
your research well nobody has any had
anything to say about the book is
actually read the book I got do you know
that well because there were 12 reviews
of the book that came out before the
book was published and nobody had
advanced copies so they attacked me for
what they thought was gonna believe what
was gonna be in the book was which was
basically a discussion of autism which
is not part of this book well tell us
this favor set it up for us thimerosal a
lot of our members are not familiar with
it what is it okay thimerosal is a
mercury based preservative that is still
in some vaccines it was removed from by
order of the FDA from all topical
medicines in 1998 for so for example
mercurochrome which we used to have as a
kid who is that kind of a
enjoyment that would stain your clothes
or murine eye drops and it had
thimerosal and they found out that it
was injuring and even killing people so
FDA ordered it removed from
over-the-counter medications after doing
a lot of studies that show demonstrated
its toxicity CDC at the same time was
recommending higher and higher doses of
vaccines and it was thimerosal in those
vaccines and we started to see a giant
rise in neurological disorders among our
children i said well adda we don't
discuss autism because it's such a
radioactive issue so we we just looked
at the other neurological disorders adda
ADHD speech delay language like ticks
misery index things that we didn't know
as a kid but this generation it's part
of who they got to go run this body from
Time magazine the editor large area the
problem is Kennedy he's wrong utterly
wrong so wrong it's hard to even know
what the biggest piece of that wrongness
is he says as the levels of thimerosal
have decreased we've seen this autism
increase so the cause and effect are not
there if I'm aerosols going away again
he's wrong virtually every factual
statement he makes and there's wrong and
as I said he didn't have the benefit of
reading my book or even having a copy of
the book before he wrote that at peace
but he's wrong on all of his science
first of all the levels of thimerosal
have are essentially equal to what they
were in and before they removed it from
pediatric vaccines and here's why it was
removed from pediatric vaccines in 2003
but that same year CDC recommended the
flu vaccine for all Americans and the
flu vaccine contained very very high
levels of thimerosal so that a child who
took all the flu vaccines as they were
supposed to would get essentially 187
micrograms of thimerosal by the time of
they were seven compared to about 200
pay higher to that but the problem is
that now it's being given to pregnant
women so for the first time in history
fetuses in the most vulnerable stage of
development are being exposed to these
bolus doses of thimerosal in fact a
fetus can get if a pregnant woman takes
one of these shots about 800 times the
amount of mercury that EPA recommends
for an adult so what are you suggesting
women don't take these vows I am
fiercely pro vaccine I want to see you
know I've had all six of my children
vaccinated I want to see everybody
taking their vaccines we need full
coverage people don't take them because
they don't no longer believe in CDC
because they can see this science and
what we did we spend we spent three
years looking at every peer-reviewed
scientific publication ever written on
thimerosal we found over 500
peer-reviewed publications all of them
say it is the most potent neurotoxin
that is not radioactive why would we
it's 30 times its neurotoxic is led why
would we put that in the children or
pregnant woman if we didn't have to and
we've already been shown by its removal
from the pediatric vaccines that we have
good alternatives we don't need it
anymore mza listening to you well it's
really CDC and CDC is not and that's why
we publish this book we sat on this book
for a year and talked with the
regulator's send it to the regulators
and said we don't want to release this
book because we don't want to diminish
public faith and vaccines we want full
coverage and this is going to this book
is going to you know scare people the
debate continues and again back to that
time magazine piece in Time magazine is
not some you know blog obscure blog he
says when it comes to vaccines Kennedy
clangs to the same Looney tune bells I
mean the reception has been harsh but
then again you know yeah but it's kind
of right and it's kind of unfair that
somebody is writing a review of a book
that they haven't read they can make it
through it pretty fast I mean it's a
hundred and twenty 170 pages lots of
footnotes so we encourage you let me
just say one thing this is a this is not
just a health crisis say it's a
journalistic crisis but journalists have
to stop taking the word of a of a
captive agency with a vested interest in
thimerosal and instead look at the
science and that's what we've said Sean
me a single scientific publication that
says that thimerosal is safe and I will
walk away from this issue but I couldn't
find when it we had the best science
researchers in America looking for this
for three years we couldn't find a
single publication to support CDC
statements rosanna night we took science
in class we took science at school I was
not very good I'm just gonna take it was
not very good at Bunsen burners and
beakers that's about as far as we good
in gossip okay okay so I I just thought
how was the honeymoon did you have a
nice honeymoon was a fairytale was like
riding a unicorn down a rainbow it
really was yes I was would you go we
went to Capri aha how's it tomorrow and
enables its de Blasio there when you
were there he was no he was eating pizza
but he was eating it with two hands by
the time we got how's Cheryl is she
living in this part is she going back to
camp she goes back and forth but I um
but mainly in California well we love
her yeah I love her too do you know what
they're gonna have a curb your
enthusiasm reunion do you know anything
about this oh we're hoping Larry will
write another season but but he doesn't
know and nobody knows yeah yeah he goes
up maybe somehow while talking about
hahaha hello Tom alright robert f
kennedy jr one more time the book is out
there it's making waves thimerosal taken
Rosanna let the science speak the
evidence supporting the immediate
removal of mercury are known neurotoxin
from vaccines alright thank you so much
number people should get their vaccines
but they should have asked about when
they go to in to get their flu vaccines
they should say I want a thimerosal free
vaccine because those do is it there are
options yeah good to know